# OpenGL_3D_Scene
Note that the SOurce file is the application file. 

How do I approach designing software?
  - Some new design skills that this project has helped me with are visualizing the output before starting. Since we started with the end goal and used decomposition to work on it piece by piece then weave them together. This relates to the test driven design concept of programming to meet specific requirements. I used more of an agile method to develop my project because I would continuously iterate upon the code week by week updating to account for feedback and additional features. Test driven design, decomposition and agile methods such as scrum can all be applied in unison to deliver code fast. 
  
How do I approach developing programs?
  - For this project I had to configure the development environment properly such as including certain libraries. While not being a completely new concept I worked on including prewritten classes and headers into my script to save time and output a clean product. Some strategies this project used were implementing global variables and functions. Generally it's bad practice to integrate functions into other functions but in this project it occurred a lot and made sense. This project helped me use a lot of modularity to create smaller more specific functions and abstraction by using the global and local variables as necessary depending on if the variable needs to be implemented in multiple functions or not. 
  
How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
  - This project in computer graphics and visualizations helped give me experience in working with hundreds of lines of code. Also besides creating my own functions there were a lot of built in OpenGL functions relating to the libraries that I had to learn. This forced me to actually read the documentation which is not something I would typically have to do when creating a script. While I may not be furthering my knowledge on computer graphics it helped me understand how to learn new tools and language variants. Ideally in my future career I will be doing more machine programming as a RF software engineer with python, C++, and other languages specific to the system such as Keysight Vee. 
